I don't know what's going on right now
but the general feeling is it seems to
be Fight Club in some relationships now
maybe it's the fact it's the middle of
summer and there doesn't seem to be a
whole lot of anything going on right now
in which case Melinda Hughes has at
least some ideas of what not to say on a
first date my last boyfriend had a
really big deck I showed my best friend
your picture and she said that you were
really cute well at least it's possible
who's that fucking bitch hanging all
over you giving you a kiss on the cheek
in your facebook profile picture yes
some people call me a slut but I think
if my self is sexually expressive but I
really think a blowjob should be enough
but does it really matter we as men
clearly just start listening otherwise
how else do you end up with a wife like
this
but this might explain one thing why
this adidas running shoe commercial is
one of the most few videos of the week
so if your partner is a man-girl or
horse making you feel a little bit like
Johnny Manziel getting tossed out of a
frat party
maybe you want to take the direct way
out and run your motorcycle into a car
we like the girls with Vaughn Sydney
vaginas bullshit and vaginas
bullshitting vagina China we liking
girls with it leave two limbs at least
to fucking live